README.md, before:

This is a [Next.js](https://nextjs.org) project bootstrapped with [`create-next-app`](https://nextjs.org/docs/app/api-reference/cli/create-next-app).

## Getting Started

First, run the development server:

```bash
npm run dev
# or
yarn dev
# or
pnpm dev
# or
bun dev
```

Open [http://localhost:3000](http://localhost:3000) with your browser to see the result.

You can start editing the page by modifying `app/page.tsx`. The page auto-updates as you edit the file.

This project uses [`next/font`](https://nextjs.org/docs/app/building-your-application/optimizing/fonts) to automatically optimize and load [Geist](https://vercel.com/font), a new font family for Vercel.

## Learn More

To learn more about Next.js, take a look at the following resources:

- [Next.js Documentation](https://nextjs.org/docs) - learn about Next.js features and API.
- [Learn Next.js](https://nextjs.org/learn) - an interactive Next.js tutorial.

You can check out [the Next.js GitHub repository](https://github.com/vercel/next.js) - your feedback and contributions are welcome!

## Deploy on Vercel

The easiest way to deploy your Next.js app is to use the [Vercel Platform](https://vercel.com/new?utm_medium=default-template&filter=next.js&utm_source=create-next-app&utm_campaign=create-next-app-readme) from the creators of Next.js.

Check out our [Next.js deployment documentation](https://nextjs.org/docs/app/building-your-application/deploying) for more details.

Commit message:

docs: Revise README for Inference Gateway with updated project description and development instructions
Signed-off-by: Eden Reich <eden.reich@gmail.com>

README.md, after:

# Inference Gateway Documentation
[![Documentation Status](https://github.com/inference-gateway/docs/workflows/release/badge.svg)](https://github.com/inference-gateway/docs/actions)


This repository contains the documentation website for [Inference Gateway](https://github.com/inference-gateway/inference-gateway), an open-source API gateway for Large Language Models (LLMs) that provides a unified interface for accessing multiple AI providers.

## About Inference Gateway

Inference Gateway offers a unified API layer to interact with multiple LLM providers including OpenAI, Anthropic, Groq, Cohere, Ollama, and more. Key 

## Development

This documentation site is built with Next.js.

```bash
# Install dependencies
npm install

# Start development server
npm run dev
```

You can use the devcontainer for a consistent development environment. The devcontainer is configured with all the necessary tools and extensions for development.

## Contributing

Contributions to improve the documentation are welcome! You can:

1. Edit existing MDX files in the markdown directory
2. Add new documentation pages
3. Improve the site's design and functionality

## License

This project is licensed under the MIT License.
