markdown/main.mdx, before:

import Link from 'next/link';

# Inference Gateway Documentation

Inference Gateway is a proxy server designed to facilitate access to various
language model APIs. It allows users to interact with different language models
through a unified interface, simplifying the configuration and the process of
sending requests and receiving responses from multiple LLMs, enabling an easy use
of Mixture of Experts.

## Key Features

- 📜 **Open Source**: Available under the MIT License.
- 🚀 **Unified API Access**: Proxy requests to multiple language model APIs, including OpenAI, Ollama, Groq, Cohere etc.
- ⚙️ **Environment Configuration**: Easily configure API keys and URLs through environment variables.
- 🔧 **Tool-use Support**: Enable function calling capabilities across supported providers with a unified API.
- 🔌 **MCP Integration**: Seamlessly connect to Model Context Protocol servers for automatic tool discovery and execution.
- 🤖 **Agent-To-Agent (A2A)**: Coordinate multiple specialized agents to extend LLM capabilities with external services.
- 🌊 **Streaming Responses**: Stream tokens in real-time as they're generated from language models.
- 🐳 **Docker Support**: Use Docker and Docker Compose for easy setup and deployment.
- ☸️ **Kubernetes Support**: Ready for deployment in Kubernetes environments.
- 📊 **OpenTelemetry**: Monitor and analyze performance.
- 🛡️ **Production Ready**: Built with production in mind, with configurable timeouts and TLS support.
- 🌿 **Lightweight**: Includes only essential libraries and runtime, resulting in smaller size binary of ~10.8MB.
- 📉 **Minimal Resource Consumption**: Designed to consume minimal resources and have a lower footprint.
- 📚 **Documentation**: Well documented with examples and guides.
- 🧪 **Tested**: Extensively tested with unit tests and integration tests.
- 🛠️ **Maintained**: Actively maintained and developed.
- 📈 **Scalable**: Easily scalable and can be used in a distributed environment - with [HPA](https://kubernetes.io/docs/tasks/run-application/horizontal-pod-autoscale/) in Kubernetes.
- 🔒 **Compliance** and Data Privacy: This project does not collect data or analytics, ensuring compliance and data privacy.
- 🏠 **Self-Hosted**: Can be self-hosted for complete control over the deployment environment.

## Getting Started

Ready to try Inference Gateway? Follow our <Link href="/getting-started">Getting Started guide</Link> to install
and set up your own instance in minutes.

## How It Works

Inference Gateway acts as an intermediary between your applications and various LLM providers.
By standardizing the API interactions, it allows you to:

- Access multiple LLM providers through a single integration
- Switch between providers without changing application code
- Implement sophisticated routing and fallback mechanisms
- Centralize API key management and security policies

## Model Context Protocol Integration

Inference Gateway includes native support for the **Model Context Protocol (MCP)**, enabling LLMs to automatically access external tools and data sources. With MCP integration, you can:

- **Automatically discover tools** from connected MCP servers
- **Execute tool calls seamlessly** without client-side management
- **Connect multiple data sources** like filesystems, databases, and APIs
- **Extend LLM capabilities** with custom tools and integrations

```bash
# Enable MCP with multiple servers
export MCP_ENABLE=true
export MCP_SERVERS="http://filesystem-server:8081/mcp,http://search-server:8082/mcp"

# LLMs automatically get access to all available tools
curl -X POST http://localhost:8080/v1/chat/completions \
  -d '{"model": "openai/gpt-4o", "messages": [{"role": "user", "content": "List files and search for recent AI news"}]}'
```

Learn more about <Link href="/mcp">MCP Integration</Link> and explore our comprehensive examples.

## Agent-To-Agent (A2A) Integration

Inference Gateway supports **Agent-To-Agent (A2A)** integration, enabling LLMs to coordinate with multiple specialized agents simultaneously. This powerful feature allows LLMs to:

- **Coordinate multiple agents** in a single conversation
- **Access specialized services** like calendars, calculators, and weather APIs
- **Discover agent capabilities** automatically
- **Scale agent ecosystems** with distributed architecture

```bash
# Enable A2A with multiple agents
export A2A_ENABLE=true
export A2A_AGENTS="http://calendar-agent:3001,http://calculator-agent:3002,http://weather-agent:3003"

# LLMs can coordinate all agents in one request
curl -X POST http://localhost:8080/v1/chat/completions \
  -d '{"model": "deepseek-chat", "messages": [{"role": "user", "content": "Schedule a meeting, calculate costs, and check the weather"}]}'
```

Learn more about <Link href="/a2a">A2A Integration</Link> and see how to build your own agents.

## Community

Inference Gateway is an open-source project maintained by a growing community.
Contributions are welcome on [GitHub](https://github.com/inference-gateway/inference-gateway).

Commit message:

docs: Update A2A documentation to emphasize CLI usage
- Remove middleware/gateway configuration approach (A2A_ENABLE, A2A_AGENTS env vars)
- Add CLI as the recommended way to use A2A with `infer agents` commands
- Document `/a2a` shortcut for viewing connected agents in chat
- Clarify that CLI acts as an A2A agent client
- Remove example agents (Calculator, Weather, Hello World)
- Remove Kubernetes deployment examples
- Remove A2A configuration section from configuration.mdx
- Update main.mdx with CLI-focused A2A examples

Signed-off-by: Eden Reich <eden.reich@gmail.com>

markdown/main.mdx, after:

import Link from 'next/link';

# Inference Gateway Documentation

Inference Gateway is a proxy server designed to facilitate access to various
language model APIs. It allows users to interact with different language models
through a unified interface, simplifying the configuration and the process of
sending requests and receiving responses from multiple LLMs, enabling an easy use
of Mixture of Experts.

## Key Features

- 📜 **Open Source**: Available under the MIT License.
- 🚀 **Unified API Access**: Proxy requests to multiple language model APIs, including OpenAI, Ollama, Groq, Cohere etc.
- ⚙️ **Environment Configuration**: Easily configure API keys and URLs through environment variables.
- 🔧 **Tool-use Support**: Enable function calling capabilities across supported providers with a unified API.
- 🔌 **MCP Integration**: Seamlessly connect to Model Context Protocol servers for automatic tool discovery and execution.
- 🤖 **Agent-To-Agent (A2A)**: Coordinate multiple specialized agents to extend LLM capabilities with external services.
- 🌊 **Streaming Responses**: Stream tokens in real-time as they're generated from language models.
- 🐳 **Docker Support**: Use Docker and Docker Compose for easy setup and deployment.
- ☸️ **Kubernetes Support**: Ready for deployment in Kubernetes environments.
- 📊 **OpenTelemetry**: Monitor and analyze performance.
- 🛡️ **Production Ready**: Built with production in mind, with configurable timeouts and TLS support.
- 🌿 **Lightweight**: Includes only essential libraries and runtime, resulting in smaller size binary of ~10.8MB.
- 📉 **Minimal Resource Consumption**: Designed to consume minimal resources and have a lower footprint.
- 📚 **Documentation**: Well documented with examples and guides.
- 🧪 **Tested**: Extensively tested with unit tests and integration tests.
- 🛠️ **Maintained**: Actively maintained and developed.
- 📈 **Scalable**: Easily scalable and can be used in a distributed environment - with [HPA](https://kubernetes.io/docs/tasks/run-application/horizontal-pod-autoscale/) in Kubernetes.
- 🔒 **Compliance** and Data Privacy: This project does not collect data or analytics, ensuring compliance and data privacy.
- 🏠 **Self-Hosted**: Can be self-hosted for complete control over the deployment environment.

## Getting Started

Ready to try Inference Gateway? Follow our <Link href="/getting-started">Getting Started guide</Link> to install
and set up your own instance in minutes.

## How It Works

Inference Gateway acts as an intermediary between your applications and various LLM providers.
By standardizing the API interactions, it allows you to:

- Access multiple LLM providers through a single integration
- Switch between providers without changing application code
- Implement sophisticated routing and fallback mechanisms
- Centralize API key management and security policies

## Model Context Protocol Integration

Inference Gateway includes native support for the **Model Context Protocol (MCP)**, enabling LLMs to automatically access external tools and data sources. With MCP integration, you can:

- **Automatically discover tools** from connected MCP servers
- **Execute tool calls seamlessly** without client-side management
- **Connect multiple data sources** like filesystems, databases, and APIs
- **Extend LLM capabilities** with custom tools and integrations

```bash
# Enable MCP with multiple servers
export MCP_ENABLE=true
export MCP_SERVERS="http://filesystem-server:8081/mcp,http://search-server:8082/mcp"

# LLMs automatically get access to all available tools
curl -X POST http://localhost:8080/v1/chat/completions \
  -d '{"model": "openai/gpt-4o", "messages": [{"role": "user", "content": "List files and search for recent AI news"}]}'
```

Learn more about <Link href="/mcp">MCP Integration</Link> and explore our comprehensive examples.

## Agent-To-Agent (A2A) Integration

Inference Gateway supports **Agent-To-Agent (A2A)** integration, enabling LLMs to coordinate with multiple specialized agents simultaneously. This powerful feature allows LLMs to:

- **Coordinate multiple agents** in a single conversation
- **Access specialized services** like calendars, calculators, and weather APIs
- **Discover agent capabilities** automatically
- **Scale agent ecosystems** with distributed architecture

The best way to use A2A is through the **Inference Gateway CLI**, which provides seamless integration with A2A agents:

```bash
# Install the CLI
curl -fsSL https://raw.githubusercontent.com/inference-gateway/cli/main/install.sh | bash

# Initialize and start chatting
infer init
infer chat

# Delegate tasks to A2A agents
> "Schedule a team meeting for tomorrow at 2 PM"
> "Check my calendar for conflicts this week"
```

Learn more about <Link href="/a2a">A2A Integration</Link> and see how to build your own agents.

## Community

Inference Gateway is an open-source project maintained by a growing community.
Contributions are welcome on [GitHub](https://github.com/inference-gateway/inference-gateway).
